TN License v1.0
----------------------------------------------------------------
1. Definitions

1.1. "Contributor"
    means each individual or legal entity that creates, contributes to
    the creation of, or owns Covered Software.

1.2. "License"
    means this document.

1.3. "Modifications"
    means any of the following:

    (a) any file in Code that results from an addition to,
        deletion from, or modification of the contents of Covered
        Software; or

    (b) any new file in Source Code Form that contains any Covered
        Software.

1.4. "Patent Claims" of a Contributor
    means any patent claim(s), including without limitation, method,
    process, and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by such
    Contributor that would be infringed, but for the grant of the
    License, by the making, using, selling, offering for sale, having
    made, import, or transfer of either its Contributions or its
    Contributor Version.

1.5. "You" (or "Your")
    means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under this
    License. For legal entities, "You" includes any entity that
    controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You. For
    purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct
    or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity,
    whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than
    fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial
    ownership of such entity.

1.6. "The owners"
    Who own this project

1.7. "The code" / "The Software" / "The project" / "The idea"
    It means the product or creation that this document governs (Including the idea).

------------------------------------------------
2. License Grants, Conditions and Limitation

2.1. Each contributor has ownership of what he creates, no exceptions. 
    It may require the removal of what it creates from the project, 
    the removal may be denied.

2.2. You can Contribute at the project by request.

2.3. You can't copy or share the code.

2.4. You can't get / use this code from here, you have to get a public
    from a public source.

2.5. The owners have the full rights and choice what to do of this project,
    including your contribution.
